Refactor history handling to support per-session history files (#2)
alexekdahl/tmux-compile: README.md

When you trigger the compile command, you'll be prompted to enter a compilation command. Press Enter to execute it.

### Command History

By default, `tmux-compile` stores all compile commands in a single history file:

> You can enable session-aware mode, then each tmux session maintains its own compile history file inside the configured directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling session-aware mode creates one history file per tmux session. Each file is named after the tmux session (for example, $COMPILE_HISTORY_DIR/my-session.history). Use @compile-mode-history-dir to change the directory.
```
